Clarify rollback behavior with regard to task failures (#3363)
astronomer/docs: astro/deploy-history.md

- Any other Deployment settings that you configure through the Cloud UI, such as your Deployment name and description. 
- For Runtime version downgrades, any data related to features that are not available in the rollback version are erased from the metadata database and not recoverable.

A rollback's effect on running tasks depends on whether the rollback downgrades your Deployment:

> - If a rollback downgrades a Deployment to a previous version of Astro Runtime, all currently running tasks fail immediately. If a task has any remaining retries, those retries will run after the deploy is rolled back. 

Author: ```suggestion
- If a rollback downgrades a Deployment to a previous version of Astro Runtime, all currently running tasks fail immediately. If a task has any remaining retries, those retries will run after the rollback is complete.
```
